Previously, I did have some experience in java but it was very base level coding at the time. I haven't taken a class on it in a few years and this my first time in awhile really getting the chance to code again in java for class. Overall, I had a good experience and do believe I grew as a programmer. Last semester I had taken a class in the C programming language and although they are different I feel like my experience in that class helped me out with this one. At first I was confused as I felt like I wasn't grasping as much information as I	wanted. I really struggled but I kept trying to learn as the course went on. The online zoom format is good but personally as a student I have dealt with attention-related difficulties that affect my focus and energy especially with online classes so I made sure to give this class extra attention over the summer. In the middle of June I did purchase the effective java book you had recommended to class and the more I read through it the better I felt like I was understanding what was happening for the assignments in class. Obviously, there are ways I can improve, like asking more questions and making sure I spread out my time effectively. Overall, I think I did very well in this class and improved by the time this class was over. I have been learning from my mistakes in class and from previous assignments that I may have not done correctly. Although not all my code has worked perfectly I feel like it's a reflection of my effort in me trying to fully grasp each concept. I feel that even looking through my past assignments I have seen how much better I've gotten through the term and will continue working to get better even now that the class is over. 
I did show up to class and on time. I've missed I believe 2 or 3 days due to some work conflicts but I have engaged and answered questions in class and do my best to follow along. I am committed and take initiative. I have asked some questions and I watch tutorials and continue to read the book you suggested. I did need to be better with reaching out to you if I'm confused about a certain question. I did review the solutions you posted and found it helpful to compare to see where I could improve and in my assignment reflections I did get better in what I said I would work on. My code itself is good quality. I did make sure to follow the programmers pact and make sure my code was neat. I did struggle with javadoc and just commented out on what I was doing and why I was doing it but I did implement it as I saw how it’s better to understand when looking back at your code. One big thing was working with my timing in class. Balancing school and work was difficult. I was able to create a steady routine and get my assignments done on time as I struggled with that towards the beginning. I am proud of myself for being able to achieve that. Thank you for teaching this course over the summer I learned alot about coding in java and plan to use the skills I learned as I continue to work at being a better programmer.


Based on the above, I propose an A as my final grade.  

